{"url": "https://api.github.com/repos/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/comments/240942249", "html_url": "https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/3814#issuecomment-240942249", "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/3814", "id": 240942249, "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDI0MDk0MjI0OQ==", "user": {"login": "LaurentMazare", "id": 1041292, "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjEwNDEyOTI=", "avatar_url": "https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1041292?v=4", "gravatar_id": "", "url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare", "html_url": "https://github.com/LaurentMazare", "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/followers", "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/following{/other_user}", "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/gists{/gist_id}", "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/starred{/owner}{/repo}", "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/subscriptions", "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/orgs", "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/repos", "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/events{/privacy}", "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/LaurentMazare/received_events", "type": "User", "site_admin": false}, "created_at": "2016-08-19T06:52:25Z", "updated_at": "2016-08-19T06:52:25Z", "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR", "body_html": "<p><a class=\"user-mention\" data-hovercard-type=\"user\" data-hovercard-url=\"/hovercards?user_id=15258583\" data-octo-click=\"hovercard-link-click\" data-octo-dimensions=\"link_type:self\" href=\"https://github.com/josh11b\">@josh11b</a> <a class=\"user-mention\" data-hovercard-type=\"user\" data-hovercard-url=\"/hovercards?user_id=229914\" data-octo-click=\"hovercard-link-click\" data-octo-dimensions=\"link_type:self\" href=\"https://github.com/keveman\">@keveman</a> any thoughts on this ? If it's still time I would be very happy to have this fixed in the final 0.10 release so that we can have our ocaml wrapper working on this version.</p>", "body_text": "@josh11b @keveman any thoughts on this ? If it's still time I would be very happy to have this fixed in the final 0.10 release so that we can have our ocaml wrapper working on this version.", "body": "@josh11b @keveman any thoughts on this ? If it's still time I would be very happy to have this fixed in the final 0.10 release so that we can have our ocaml wrapper working on this version.\n"}