{"url": "https://api.github.com/repos/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/comments/254601517", "html_url": "https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/4663#issuecomment-254601517", "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/4663", "id": 254601517, "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDI1NDYwMTUxNw==", "user": {"login": "asimshankar", "id": 16018, "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2MDE4", "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/16018?v=4", "gravatar_id": "", "url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar", "html_url": "https://github.com/asimshankar", "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/followers", "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/following{/other_user}", "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/gists{/gist_id}", "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/starred{/owner}{/repo}", "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/subscriptions", "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/orgs", "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/repos", "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/events{/privacy}", "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/asimshankar/received_events", "type": "User", "site_admin": false}, "created_at": "2016-10-18T18:44:57Z", "updated_at": "2016-10-18T18:44:57Z", "author_association": "MEMBER", "body_html": "<p><a class=\"user-mention\" data-hovercard-type=\"user\" data-hovercard-url=\"/hovercards?user_id=2342391\" data-octo-click=\"hovercard-link-click\" data-octo-dimensions=\"link_type:self\" href=\"https://github.com/yuanbyu\">@yuanbyu</a> : Should we update the documentation for the identity op as <a class=\"user-mention\" data-hovercard-type=\"user\" data-hovercard-url=\"/hovercards?user_id=28490186\" data-octo-click=\"hovercard-link-click\" data-octo-dimensions=\"link_type:self\" href=\"https://github.com/lightcatcher\">@lightcatcher</a> suggests?</p>", "body_text": "@yuanbyu : Should we update the documentation for the identity op as @lightcatcher suggests?", "body": "@yuanbyu : Should we update the documentation for the identity op as @lightcatcher suggests?\n"}